[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My dream is to help people
understand how the universe
operates so that each person can
find their own unique purpose
within the cosmic plan.
My name is Matias De Stefano.
And my purpose is to remember.
Since I was three, I began
to remember a past life
before I was born.
I thought this was normal
until many years later I
realized people could
not see what I could see.
Usually at this age,
the brain begins
to disengage with
other dimensions.
But mine stay active
and still is today.
This part of my brain
that is still active
allows me to remember
in full detail the past
and connect me with the cosmic
memory that unites us all.
Through these visions,
I see people and places
and important things.
These visions help
me piece together
the existence of
not only humans,
but the universe itself.
This place I was
connected to was referred
to me in my visions
as Thamthiorgah, which
means the spinal cord of
God, or as I later learned,
the central Akashic records.
I believe I have
been given this gift
to tap into the Akashic
records of the cosmic plan
so that I can help
people understand
the structure of the
universe we live in--
the concept of our existence
and importance of things
we ignore in everyday life that
are essential for our growth,
as we move into
the next dimension.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In this series, we
will go beyond what
you have read in history books,
that civilization started
3,000 years ago, back
to 13 million years
ago when humans first
existed in the universe.
And we will go back
6,000 million years ago
to the creation of
the universe itself.
We will cover races
that influence humanity
since Lemuria and Atlantis.
We will cover alien groups in
the universe and the great war
that took place in our galaxy.
I will share with you how
to open your heart portal so
that you can help others.
And last but not least, I will
share how our world exists
and why I was able
to remember it.
12,000 years ago, I
started on this journey.
And this lifetime, I
hope to fulfill it.
My dream is that you
fulfill yours, as well.
Once we have the tools to
be bigger than society,
bigger than our current
bodies and larger
than our understanding
of who we think we are,
we will be able to
contribute our unique soul
imprint into this
time period of change.
My memories are bound into my
spiritual mind or higher self,
who I call Gan, and my emotions
through my soul and its memory
of three specific lives--
one-- 12,000 years ago in
the River Nile; another one,
900 years ago in Scandinavia;
and the farthest one--
almost 16 million Earth
years ago, in Gludok,
a planet on Sirius.
Let's begin where
there was no beginning.
It's important that every
human being understand
the dimensions, because we
live in every dimension.
We are not just
in one dimension.
We used to believe that we
are in the third dimension.
But actually, we live
in every one of them.
Dimensions are not
just a place that you
go when your consciousness
is aware of them.
It's a perspective
you have of reality.
Reality is just one thing.
It's just only one dimension.
It's just one truth.
But that only truth has
many ways of being seen.
So as many beings can
see that only truth,
we can have more perspective
to improve that truth.
So that's why we have at
least nine dimensions that
are the basis of our reality.
And we are now able just
to see the third dimension,
to feel the third dimension.
But we actually live
in many of them.
That's why when I try to explain
where we come from or who am I
or what is the truth of
this reality of this planet
and the history of
humanity, I will not
explain the whole truth.
I will not explain
the only truth.
I'm telling the part
of the truth I've seen.
I start to remember
every dimension when I
was 15 years old in this life.
And it was for me
the first time I
changed the way I saw the
universe, because I realized
that I was just a
projection of the universe,
and in my mind
was trying to look
for the place and the time,
where I could understand
every dimension and from where
I could explain every dimension.
And the first place,
where I found the best way
to explain them was in
one life millions of years
ago in this planet I remember
with the name Gludok,
the constellation of Canis
in the star of Sirius.
In that life, I was
kind of a politician
in charge of a neighborhood.
But we were not like a
society we have here on Earth.
We were every one of us like
neurons, conscious neurons
of the planet.
In our society, we knew
that we were not alive,
because we were a civilization.
We realized that we were
the thinking of the planet,
that the only one
evolving was the planet.
So every one of us
had this knowledge
that if we are the evolving
consciousness of the planet,
every one of us had
to know the truth.
And if we share every part of
the truth as a civilization,
we can hold the
knowledge of the self.
So that's why in that life
for me was the first moment
I could explain and I
could feel and understand
every reality and
every dimension,
because we were meant
to know every dimension
as our normal life.
For us in our civilization
in that planet,
we used to see
reality and our life
like going through
every dimension
in practicing every
year of our entire life
to understand that we were
learning about ourselves
in many perspectives
and many dimensions.
So for us, it was normal to
go through this knowledge.
And it was not from the mind.
The only way you can go
through every dimension
is from the heart, because
the heart is the only one that
can feel before understanding.
Mind is just the process
to understand the reality.
And the feelings are the way
you can go through that reality.
That's why we were a
very mental civilization.
But when we had to
understand everything,
we just have to be
silent and feel it.
The first thing I've learned
in this planet about dimensions
was that dimensions are
just different perspective
of just one truth.
We were taught that the
truth is like a sphere.
You cannot see the whole thing.
You just can't look
into one part of it.
The perspective of that
truth changed from where
I'm seeing that truth.
So every one of us had
to know many, at least 12
of those perspectives, so
we could have the whole.
But we knew that we
should not go and take
every dimension for
ourselves and to go and look
for every perspective for
ourselves, that we had to do
was to center in our own
reality and perspective,
knowing that every
one of them was true.
But if we go out
of our perspective,
then one of the parts
would be missed.
At the beginning of
the civilization,
we were taught that our
goal was to go to the stars.
What we, as humanity, are now,
we are looking to the heavens
since thousands of years ago.
And we are saying, the
stars are our goal.
And we have to go there.
And we have to look for
life in other planets.
And we have to go farther.
But suddenly, when we start
to understand the dimensions,
we understood that the
only dimension that exists
is the first one, that the first
one holds all the realities
and every perspective.
And the first one is just a
spot in the core of the sphere.
So we realized that going
out to look for that truth
was not the goal.
The goal was to go in
the core of the planet.
And there, we could see every
perspective from one spot.
So our goal in the reality
was to live every dimension,
but not to go to
those dimensions,
but to understand
that them all are just
perspective of the first
one, which is unity.
First dimension is mind.
First dimension is the thoughts.
There is nothing but
consciousness in the universe.
That's the only
thing that exists.
Mind is the only spot from
where every perspective is
projected in the universe.
There's nothing else but mind.
And the waves that the
thinking, the thoughts
are doing in the universe
creates this oceans
of thinkings that then
we call time and space
and every other dimension.
But unity was not created.
Unity is itself constant and
the only thing that exists.
Everything is just a projection
of the self, of just one being.
And that one being--
you may call it
God or whatever--
I call it the consciousness--
we are all in that consciousness
and living the
different perspective
of that consciousness.
So unity is the only place
from where we come from
and where we go to.
That's why every
being in the universe
is telling us to go to unity,
to remember that we are one.
This is something
that we, as humanity,
are trying to understand now.
We are one.
But we don't really
know what exactly
mean to be one, because
we think that being one
is to be together.
And everyone think the same.
And everyone would be happy
and all in peace and harmony.
And it's not that.
It's to remember
that we are just
holograms of the reality,
which is one spot
and that there is no
other reality but one.
So the beginning of
the first dimension
is when the only consciousness
existent in the universe
made a question.
The question started from one
certain thing, certain through.
That was I Am.
The only thing that
consciousness knew
was that it was only one.
And it was called I Am.
So the universe was created
from the self, from the one.
At the moment, then I Am asked
itself, who I can become.
So there was the
beginning of everything,
but not the matter, not
the galaxies, just the idea
of being someone else.
This is the time, where
time doesn't exist.
There was no possibility to
say it happened some years ago.
[LAUGHS]
It's impossible to say so,
because there was no time.
There was not space.
When you try to
think about unity,
the only way you can
achieve that goal to feel it
or to think about
it is in your mind.
In your imagination is the
only way you can achieve unity.
There is no way you can do it
through the third dimension.
The only way you can go
through it is through mind.
That's why when we start
to practice the unity
and we have to go to
the very beginning,
we have to go
through every idea we
have about reality, because
every reality is just
a thinking.
So it's not the real truth.
So there's no way to compare
the beginning with anything
you possibly know.
That's why every
being in this planet
and other planets that we're
told how to go to the unity--
the first thing
that they had to do
was unlearn everything
they've learned in their life.
So you have to forget.
That's the only way.
The only way you can remember
is if you forget everything
you know.
So that's what we call the void.
That's an emptiness.
And you just start to see
that there is nothing.
And suddenly, when you finally
see that darkness and the void
is the only place where you
could possibly see everything
within, so you will
understand that the beginning
of the first dimension--
it was not something
that you could see.
It was something
that you could feel.
Feeling is the only way you can
understand the first dimension.
And it's so, so many feelings
that we call neutrality.
It's like you can feel so
many things that suddenly you
can't feel anything.
And you just are like
floating in the universe
and nothingness.
And you realize that
the first dimension
is just what you project as
an idea, as an imagination.
So the only way you can
understand the first dimension
is if you go back
to your childhood
and remember that you could
imagine whatever you possibly
could imagine.
And you are free from
every experience you have.
And suddenly, you can travel
through time and space,
from being in just one spot.
So the beginning of
everything is not a light,
is not an electron.
It's a thinking, a thought
that starts to wave around.
And you just start to feel
it, like waving, thinking.
And suddenly, this waves start
to make a sound, the vibration.
And this movement
start to sound like a--
[HUMMING]
And this low vibration
started to go
higher and higher and higher.
And suddenly, in every
mix start to sing.
It's like a-- the
most beautiful song
you could ever
possibly think about.
And that's what you could
feel in the first dimension.
That's why unity
is not something
that we are going to live as
a real thing in this planet.
The reality of this
universe is that there
is no time and no space,
because everything is just one.
There is no split in times.
There is no split
in perspectives.
There is no split in space.
So that's why unity is
the only state, where
you could feel everything,
where you could see everything,
where you could be anywhere.
Sirius, for us, was the
spot where we could learn
how to go back to the unity.
We used to call Sirius In-Na.
That's the name we have
for the two stars--
the bigger one, In,
and the small one, Na--
In-Na.
We were called the In-Na people.
And the In-Na people
has this story.
At the first beginning,
there was nothing.
There was a void.
And from that void, there was
a breathe, a breathing that
starts to create every reality.
By that breathing, a door
was open in the universe,
the door of the self.
And the self went through
every time and every space.
We call that the M, the
portal, the H, the time,
and the S, the space.
So the name for the
universe for us was MAHAS.
MAHAS Was the creation,
was the consciousness going
from this unity
towards everything,
towards every dimension.
And after that, we realized
that, where does it go?
And what is the limit of that?
But we realized that
it was limitless.
There was not end.
There was no purpose.
So the only purpose
that we had was
to try to understand
every space, to understand
every time, and then bring them
all to the portal to the self
again.
And we call that the SHM, SAHAM.
We used to call the universe
as the process MAHAS SAHAM.
MAHAS SAHAM was the
name of God for us.
But we knew that
God was not outside.
It was everything.
So the goal of everything was to
go through every time and space
possibly talking and possibly
living in the whole of reality,
and then bring them
all again to the self.
So the whole process
of the universe
was to go from the self,
the first dimension, split
in many other dimensions.
Those other dimensions
start to split
like flowers in the
universe, creating
this big network
of consciousness
around, like a very big-- the
biggest mind you could possibly
imagine in the universe,
create in every reality.
And then, when you
had accomplished
to live every possible reality,
you go back to the self
and says to the self, I did it.
Now, I know what I could become.
So for the universe, for
the story of In-Na people,
we used to say there was
no purpose but to remember
who we are.
Or there is no purpose.
But go and see what
we are capable of.
It's just like this trip
that the hero in the stories
used to take--
going out of your home, go
through all these adventures.
Believe in yourself.
Try to understand
who you can become.
And then, go back to your
home to tell the story of what
you have become.
For us, there was no
goal in the universe.
For us, the only goal
was to know ourselves
as in many possible
dimensions we could.
We knew that the whole universe
was in the perfect balance.
But also when it
become aware of itself,
the universe and
the civilizations
around the universe
start to realize
that they were trapped
in a kind of a network,
that they could not go
out from that, that we
were trapped in this matrix.
So we In-Na people and other
beings in other planets
realized that there is no
one that created this matrix
for you, that you walking and
going through the thinkings
of the universe, the
thoughts of this Great Mind--
you were waving the universe.
So suddenly, when you
had this whole movement
around this fear of reality,
you stopped being a spider
and become a fly
trapped in the reality.
You have no idea how
to go back and how
to go out of this reality.
So a lot of things start
to fight against it,
start to fight to go
out of this matrix.
A lot of wars start,
because every perspective
was thinking about a different
way in which the reality was
created.
So some of them
start to believe, OK.
If we kill every one
of them, maybe we
can find a way to
go to the unity,
because we don't have
another perspectives.
So a big war started
in many dimensions
to control the matrix.
But we were all trapped in that.
We, as In-Na, as a
mind civilization--
we designed this
plan in which we
could teach every
civilization in every planet
how to work on the network, how
to understand how we created
the network, and how to
go through the network
and become, again, a spider.
If you realized that you
can transform and create
your own reality, so you will
know that there is no escape.
There is no place to go.
There is no way out
of this reality,
but going to the first dimension
and to realize that you
created every one of them.
That's the importance
why we civilizations
in other planets used to
go through every dimension.
But the only way
we could possibly
come here to teach this--
it was through the
fourth dimension.
And the fourth
dimension is time.
So I lived in the past.
But I was working in the future.
That's why it is important to
understand every dimension,
because the only way you
can go back to yourself
and to realize the perfection
of what you have created
is if you understand
every perspective that you
have created.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano,
for this series on the
creation of the universe.
Stay tuned for the next episode,
where we dive into duality.